hey cutie

hey cuite

i feel really weirdly close to you at the moment. its past midnight, im laying in bed in ireland and i got the sudden urge to triple-text you some paragraphs about this sudden burst of emotion that has struck me. since this is after already having fifteen-texted you, sent two snaps, four reels, and half a dozen stickers, i decided that instead i’ll channel my desire to talk to you  into a letter!

i was thinking about you and about us and must’ve gotten carried away in the daydreamin ( nightdreaming maybe?) and i felt really comfortable with your presence, despite it being imaginary. i don’t really remember what scenario i had conjured up in my head, but i assure you it was something way too intense for a six month college relationship. i was having an enjoyable little moment together in my head and got way too immersed in my thoughts. i love to futurize, as you’ve called it.

we’ve already discussed this, most recently in a scary way when talking about christina’s experience of moving in together with her boyfriend and how it went disastrously. however, i prefer to recall the ‘futurizing’ we did off the coast in krabi as chris slept and read on the shore. i really enjoy speculating on these future scenarios and could fill up an entire day just thinking about how we’d approach the laundry & taxes of life together. nowadays my social media algorithms have become progressively more mature in the type of content they suggest me, uniquely showing me a lot more home, cooking & family videos. i was only into recipe videos before, but now this genre has overtaken me. i hypothesize that its because whenever one of these comes up i have a hard time resisting the urge to send the video to you as a subtle way of saying “look, its like us but in the future when we concern ourselves over home, cooking & family!” i don’t recall exactly what i was thinking about laying in bed during this lil daydream, but it was about you and quite certainly involved a generous portion of futurizing. maybe it was about the furniture hunting we’d engage in to decorate our cramped but cozy two-bedroom apartment, or maybe it was about the time in which we’ll be at the dealership after debating the options for our first shared car (i intend to have my license by then), or maybe the moment in which we want to watch a movie on a streaming service we don’t have so we subscribe to a couples plan and create our profiles, or maybe even i was daydreaming about the times in which it doesn’t feel like i’m pushing it by writing you down as my ‘partner’ on questionnaires for company benefits. whatever it was, i don’t really remember it.

immediately after i ceased my fantasising i felt a strange mix of emotions. i had no idea what hit me.

i zoned out a bit and didn’t realize that i had been lost in my thoughts. it was so intense that when i snapped back to reality i got hit with such a harsh whiplash that the emotions i felt while futurizing in my nighttime daydream carried over to the real world, but memories of thoughts did not.  i would love to have had the previous paragraph be a detailed recollection of whatever perfect future i idealised ourselves in, but i forgor. thus, i found myself in a mental version of the confusion one gets when they enter a room and do not remember why they did so. as my thoughts wandered my mind into some emotions, i did not remember why, and was stuck in this new ‘room’ wondering: why did i feel so weird? ‘saudades’ is the untranslatable way i would describe that feeling. 

i got so lost in the sauce that when i stopped imagining, it felt like you were further away from me. it made me miss you more. not in a bad way tho. it felt kinda nice after a bit, like saudade does. bittersweet, to be cliche and use a word you hate. i’ve got a hard time identifying the causes behind emotions, which is something you do remarkably well, so i can’t answer why this sudden longing i felt for you was so nice. it was comforting. beautiful, in a way.  

i just felt like sharing the moment

love,
enzo
