Long time to write this one

hi sejal,

i started drafting this on my phone on the flight back from puerto rico but was, regretfully, caught by you in the act. i think that i would like to use this first real letter to emphasize the joy i feel in this relationship. 

honestly, i only first started to grasp the magnitude of my emotions in that ever-referenced day where we were watching modern family on the couch of your suite. you were sitting up straight and i was laying on your lap - a position we, regretfully, seldom find ourselves in. i was enjoying the show, in part because it was funny but also because i knew it was one of your favourites and i liked the opportunity to get to know you better, and i got hit like a truck by the sensation of butterflies in my stomach. it felt like my insides had been replaced by a warm fluid which webbed and flowed through my body, it felt like i was sparkilng, glittering, and it felt like my heart forgot that it was constrained to forever be inside my chest. it truly frightened me, i didn't know i was capable of such spontaneous and intense emotion. i knew we had great chemistry, but great chemistry alone doesn't make somebody feel like how i felt. i was scared of that. you managed to blindside me with my own feelings. i was also scared because i knew that there was no conceivable way that you felt the same sort of passion towards me.

every time i turned around to hug you it was because i couldn't resist the urge to feel close to you, but then i held you and shook you because i could think of no other way of expressing how terrified i felt. i knew i loved you and i had absolutely no reference point to describe how mad that love was. 

you giggled as i hugged you and laughed as i shook you, knowing you were not really understanding what i meant with those actions. i don't blame you for not getting it right away, i couldn't communicate it for shit and honestly i didn't get it in the moment myself. i'm not too sure i get it now either, but at least im not frightened anymore and i embrace this lovely warm glittery fluid which consumes me whenever i am around you. 

writing letters is not my forte and i definetely tried way too hard with this one. im sorry it took so long, and to mitigate that i've chosen to keep this letter labeled with the date in which i first started my draft of it: march 26th.

p.s. sorry that this is a wall of text, i haven't figured out how to implement paragraphs in this website.
